# pics-rarely-maybe

do u get what im saying, i cant make those two top facial expressions anymore with botox https://x.com/silkvanille/status/1803636408785183001

theres also my "do you know who i am" facial expression which i have perfected since hs, that i cant make anymore 😇

up until a certain point she was so level-headed, showed no facial expression https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_TqdkiG7-Q thats the goal ... that is the GOAL

do u get what im saying, in the clip, there's clearly a CRAZY person and theres a totally SANE person, and the crazy person got the sane person down to their CRAZY level within minutes. thats what happened at penn, jan/feb 2017, those were crazy ppl, the entire time, and i got pulled in their game and i responded to the CRAZY with logic and that doesnt work. i should NOT respond at all was the correct response there. a crazy person wants drama, those crazy penn ppl wanted drama. https://www.penguinrandomhouse.com/books/553315/5-types-of-people-who-can-ruin-your-life-by-bill-eddy-lcsw-esq/ im reading this on the side, and its so interesting.

either it was over after the grad level biostats class i took ended in may 2016 and i should have left then, quietly too, or it was over dec 2016 / jan 2017 and i should have left quietly. but i did the logical thing which was complain about them to penn's HR, and that didnt do anything for me but it enraged them and they came after me and u and everyone else for YEARS. so dont engage with a crazy person / crazy people is the lesson here, dont let them get a reaction out of u bc that reaction is going to be more drama for them and thats what they want.

this is exactly like interacting with a road rager, its some crazy person, in fact, u dunno how crazy that person is, and they want a reaction out of u for more drama and theyre willing to lose everything for it, so the best thing is to NOT engage at all. for the past few yrs, if someone is tailgating me, i will literally pull off to the side of the road and let them pass bc i lived in philly and maryland and ppl road rage less there, and i learned that, thats how it should be. but once i was driving home from philly when i was at penn, friday night and it was dark outside, i was on the nj turnpike north and since it was a friday night, the turnpike was crowded esp going north. anyway, there was a car in front of me that was changing lanes back and forth (like an obvious crazy person), and they got in front of me and did something i forgot, but i was like ... u know a logical person, i high beamed them, i was thinking, "like hey, be careful, everyone is going at like 75 mph right now blah blah blah" and u know what that person in front of me did? they bought down their speed to prolly 30 mph within SECONDS. on the nj turnpike. and i had to slow down QUICKLY. who knows who it was, maybe someone on drugs. but I LEARNED A LESSON THAT NIGHT, never do that. dont engage with a crazy person on the road bc they might be willing to lose EVERYTHING and bring down so many ppl with them to prove something.

the other thing i learned since i worked at penn is that its  triggering for ppl when they see me say that "i worked at penn" -- like they see me, be well put together, and that i worked there, it makes them incredibly jealous/envious instantly or feel small instantly, like ive seen grown ppl's faces change in interviews or even at m s k (which makes no sense but it happened a couple of times). so, I DONT NEED TO PROVE MYSELF TO ANYONE, i can just say "i did this early in my career" or "i did this yrs ago" or "i did this in PHILLY" DONE now unless its someone i know WELL, an acquaintance doesnt need to know this about me. if i was a man, it wouldnt matter, it works against me bc in a woman.

i want to look like a neutral person all the time lol, like i have a neutral expression on my face all the time bc of the botox lololl https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SSEjPuR11_k

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uwybHcVPi20 the absolute PROs, know not to engage with him bc hes a crazy person (well acting like one bc its a prank), they are not even making eye contact with him, completely ignoring him on purpose

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2rihouf7wOY i was looking for the original clip but they made this mini documentary on it lol, ok WHAT DOES SHE SAY IN THE END, "do u have any advice for anyone writing their own note" "do not write a note" dont engage with someone elses crap either, bc it blew up in their face and they got attacked for doing the right thing. "jersey shore" is the only reality tv show ive watched, and i watched it live, like the rest of NJ, ppl were on twitter talking about "the note" for days, weeks. she says "when i see something, i say something to someone's face" NOPE my goal is to do that like not at all, idc, idcccc
